Updating docs about TS type generation (#47)
FuelLabs/fuel-docs: src/developer-quickstart.md

![project folder structure](./images/quickstart-folder-structure.png)

#### Install the `fuels` SDK dependency

> Fuel umbrella package includes all the main tools; `Wallet`, `Contracts`, `Providers` and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fuels` umbrella package includes all the main tools you need for your frontend; `Wallet`, `Contracts`, `Providers`, and more.
```

Also, it contains the routines for ABI TypeScript generation.

> ABI stands for Application Binary Interface. ABI's inform the application the interface to interact with the VM, in other words, they provide info to the APP such as what methods a contract has, what params, types it expects, etc...

##### Installing

Move into the `frontend` folder, then run:

```console
$ cd frontend

> $ npm install fuels --save

Reviewer: Setting the version here will help prevent version mismatch issues. Can you elaborate more why you think it would be better to leave the version out?

Author: My concern is that we'd need to update this with each new SDK release, which doesn't seem realistic, IMO.

Because of this, I'm afraid this version will be constantly outdated, instructing users to use old versions.

Reviewer 2: Maybe @luizstacio can chime in here since he was the one who initially suggested versioning when we were running into issues. WDYT,  Luiz?

Author: @luizstacio Anything to add here?

Reviewer 3: Adding a version ensures that the quickstart works if we add break changes on the SDK.
Note: This quickstart focus on beta-2 and if we let this open without versioning and we add changes to the fuels-ts or typegen to support beta-3 it could break the quickstart.

Author: The trade-off here seems tricky.

I added the version back to the `npm install` command.

added 117 packages, and audited 118 packages in 22s
```

##### Generating contract types

> To make it easier to interact with our contract we use `fuels typegen` command to interpret the output ABI JSON from our contract, and generate Typescript definitions based on it. This JSON was created on the moment we executed the `forc build` to compile our Sway Contract into binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make it easier to interact with our contract we use `fuels typegen` command to interpret the output ABI JSON from our contract, and generate Typescript definitions based on it. This JSON was created when we executed the `forc build` command to compile our Sway Contract into binary.
```
